# Running Polytomic On-Premises

Most of the information on hosting Polytomic on-prem can be found alongside the
rest of our [documentation](https://polytomic.readme.io/docs/on-premise-setup).
If you are new to Polytomic On-prem, that is the best place to start.

This repo exists to assist customers in setting up Polytomic on specific
container deployment platforms. This repo cantains fils that removes some of the
guess work in spinning up a new deployment. We currently support the following
deployment platforms:

 - Aptible

Please reach out if you would like us to support a new deployment platform.


# Platform-specific deployment instructions

Before beginning, please read the On-Premises Setup document.

## Aptible


1. Add your public SSH key to your Aptible account through the Aptible dashboard
1. Install the Aptible CLI (instructions on their website).
1. Login to Aptible CLI if you haven't already: `aptible login`.
1. Clone this repo `git clone https://github.com/polytomic/polytomic-onprem`
1. Change the working directory to the newly cloned repository `cd polytomic-onprem`
1. Specify the version of Polytomic that you'd like to install in the `Dockerfile`. You can see a full release catalog in the [Changelog](https://polytomic.readme.io/docs/changelog).  We strongly suggest specifying a version number when deploying. For example: `568237466542.dkr.ecr.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/polytomic-onprem:rel2021.06.08.02`
1. Create a new Aptible app with `aptible apps:create your-app-name`
1. The result of `apps:create` will be a git remote uri. It's a good idea to setup your remote right now: `git remote add <aptible-git-remote-url>`
1. Add a database: `aptible db:create your-database-name --type postgresql`. Record the value of the newly created database credentials. If you are providing your own database, please make sure to grant the Polytomic user `superuser` rights to its own database.
1. Add a redis database `aptible db:create <db-name> --type redis --version 5.0`. Record the value of the newly created database credentials.
1. Polytomic uses Google SSO in order to handle authentication. You will need to setup an OAuth client for Polytomic.
    - In your OAuth Client configuration, Google will allow you specify *Authorized Javascript Origins*. Set this to `https://aptible-test.polytomic.net`.
    - In your OAuth Client configuration, Google will allow you specify *Authorized Redirect URIs*. Set this to `https://aptible-test.polytomic.net/auth`.
1. Use the above database values, along with Polytomic-provided values in order configure the app. Note: Polytomic needs to know the URI you are hosting it on. If you intend to use an aptible-supplied hostname, you can remove it from here and setup it up later.
    ```
    aptible config:set --app your-app-name \
        ROOT_USER=<first@users.email> \
        DEPLOYMENT=<identifier-provided-by-polytomic> \
        DEPLOYMENT_KEY=<key-provided-by-polytomic> \
        DATABASE_URL=postgresql://<postgres-connection-string> \
        REDIS_URL=redis://<redis-connection-string> \
        POLYTOMIC_URL=https://<uri-you-intend-to-host-polytomic-on> \
        GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=<google-client-id> \
        GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=<google-client-secret>
    ```
1. We use the recommended method for synchronized deploys. To do this we:
   1. Get a new AWS ECR auth token: `aws ecr get-login-password`
   1. Push the code to new branch on aptible without trigging a deploy: `git push aptible master:release-2021-06-23`
   1. Trigger a deploy using the credentials:

   ```
   aptible deploy \
        --app your-app-name \
        --git-commitish release-2021-06-23 \
        --private-registry-username AWS \
        --private-registry-password token-from-aws-ecr-get-login-password
   ```

1. Navigate to your Aptible control panel and create a new endpoint for Polytomic.
   - You can use a custom CNAME or one generated by Aptible, just be sure to update the app configuration after (using
   - You do not need to change the port (5100 is the default and correct port to expose).
1. You should be able to sign into Polytomic at the specified host, with the specified ROOT_USER!
